# DRAFT DRAFT DRAFT
(but if you ARE looking for this job, contact bert.hubert@netherlabs.nl :-))

## Scientific Research Programmer

Can you code? Do you know physics or another exact science? Want to make
meaningful contributions to quantum computing breakthroughs?  Then this job
may be for you!

### About QuTech

The Advanced Research Centre [QuTech](http://www.qutech.nl), currently
housed at [TU Delft](http://www.tudelft.nl), is seeking to move quantum
computing and quantum communications from the theoretical to the engineering
stage.  Quantum research in Delft is at the forefront of new developments
with seminal breakthroughs in superconductor- and semiconductor-based
qubits, the discovery of the [Majorana
fermion](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Majorana_fermion), and the recent
demonstration of [teleportation](http://hansonlab.tudelft.nl/teleportation/)
over a distance.

### About the role

As part of our research we develop software to actively control our
experiments and process the resulting data.  In addition, some of the
instruments we are building require high performance, real-time code to
guide and influence the quantum states of our various qubits. Eventually
we'll also need to code to run on the quantum technology we are creating.

QuTech is therefore looking for a skilled programmer to form the nucleus of
our software development efforts.  This is a full-time position.  Our
requirements are:

 * A background in physics or the exact sciences at an academic level
 * 5+ years of active software development and maintenance experience
 * Knowledge of some of the following languages: Python, C++, 
   JavaScript, Java, Matlab
 * Proven ability to guide a project and keep it on track
 * Working proficiency in English, ability to work in Delft, The Netherlands

Other skills we would love to see in a candidate:

 * Experience with software development in academia
 * A visible track record of open source work
 * FPGA development
 * Experience in interfacing with sensors and instruments

### Responsibilities

Academic research is highly dynamic, and responsibilities may change
frequently! The core responsibilities are:

 * Maintain and fix current experimental software ([QtLab](https://github.com/heeres/qtlab))
 * Work with other researchers to enhance existing software to fit their
   needs
 * Merge the work from programming scientists to for a coherent whole
 * Architect and spearhead the development of next generation software
 * (Co-)author papers with other researchers to document the results of your
   work

### What we offer
A stimulating environment that offers the chance to contribute to
breakthroughs in quantum communications and quantum computing. 

TU Delft offers an attractive benefits package, including a flexible work
week and the option of assembling a customised compensation and benefits
package. Salary and benefits are in accordance with the Collective Labour
Agreement for Dutch Universities.

### Further information
More information about QuTech can be found on [qutech.nl](http://qutech.nl).

For more information about this vacancy, please contact x@tudelft.nl, or call +31-15-278xyzw. 
